Update Readme FAQ - battery optimisation (#578)
android-password-store/Android-Password-Store: README.md

**A** In OpenKeyChain **(under the left drawer) Apps > Password Store > Accounts > (select the account) > Account key** select the key used to encrypt your passwords.

> **Q** OpenKeyChain's Password promt doesn't show up when i tap on my passwords

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Q** OpenKeyChain's password prompt doesn't show up when I tap on my passwords
```

> **A** Be sure to disable battery optimisation for OpenKeychain in the settings and make sure there is no task killer running!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**A** Be sure to disable battery optimisation for OpenKeychain in your device's settings and make sure there is no task killer running.
```
